AND EVERYTHING NICE.
THESE WERE THE INGREDIENTS
CHOSEN TO CREATE THE PERFECT
LITTLE GIRLS.
BUT PROFESSOR UTONIUM
ACCIDENTALLY ADDED
AN EXTRA INGREDIENT
TO THE CONCOCTION--
CHEMICAL X.
THUS, THE POWERPUFF GIRLS
WERE BORN!
USING THEIR ULTRA SUPER POWERS,
BLOSSOM, BUBBLES, AND BUTTERCUP
HAVE DEDICATED THEIR LIVES
TO FIGHTING CRIME
AND THE FORCES OF EVIL!
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
TURNER ENTERTAINMENT GROUP
- THE CITY OF TOWNSVILLE...
WHERE SOMETHING HORRIBLE...
SOMETHING EVIL...
SOMETHING NEFARIOUS...
SOMETHING HILARIOUS
IS TAKING PLACE!
[WOMAN LAUGHS EVILLY]
- YES, SOME HORRIBLE,
EVIL, NEFARIOUS,
HILARIOUS PRANKSTER
IS DEFACING ALL
THE BILLBOARDS...
POSTERS...
AND STATUES IN TOWNSVILLE!
WHO COULD BE BEHIND THIS
SENSELESS LASHING OUT?
COULD IT BE...MOJO JOJO?
- NO!
- COULD IT BE...YOUR PLUMBER?
- COULD IT BE...CHARLIE BEAN?
- NO!
- OR COULD IT BE...
NO! IT CAN'T BE!
- HA HA HA HA HA!
[LAUGHTER CONTINUES]
- MASK SCARA!
IT'S THE WORK OF MASK SCARA!
- UH, DID SHE
SAY MASCARA?
- NO--MASK SCARA,
THE DREADED VILLAINESS.
FORMERLY KNOWN AS FASHION MOGUL
MADAM M...
WHOSE COSMETICS EMPIRE MADE
A FORTUNE IN MAKEUP SALES
BY CLEVERLY MARKETING
THE TRASHY LOOK.
BUT THEN, ONE DAY IT HAPPENED.
THE DULL LOOK WAS IN!
YES, IT WAS THE END
OF THE TRASHY LOOK.
AND MADAM M'S EMPIRE CRUMBLED.
[SCREAMING]
FINALLY, MY REVENGE
ON DULLSVILLE
IS ALMOST COMPLETE.
OH, LOOK AT THEM RUNNING,
TERRIFIED!
I'LL SHAKE THEM TO
THEIR VERY FOUNDATION!
GET IT? FOUNDATION?
HA HA HA HA HA!
AND NOW, SHE'S TAKING
HER MISFORTUNE OUT ON
ALL OF THE INNOCENT
SIGNAGE OF TOWNSVILLE!
BOY, THAT MAKES ME MAD!
KIND OF LIKE WHEN YOU WASH YOUR
HANDS IN A PUBLIC REST ROOM,
AND THE HOT WATER
JUST STAYS COLD.
OR LIKE WHEN YOU'RE MOWING
THE LAWN ON A HOT SUMMER DAY,
AND YOUR UNDERSHORTS
KEEP RIDING UP THE --
- UM, PROFESSOR,
WE GET THE IDEA!
ANYWAY, I THINK THE MAKEUP
LOOKS KIND OF NEAT!
- I THINK IT'S JUST LAME.
- OH, WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL
ANYWAY?
I MEAN, IT'S ONLY DUMB POSTERS
AND BILLBOARDS AND STATUES,
AND PEOPLE GETTING UPSET OVER
A LITTLE MAKEUP IS RIDICULOUS!
HMPH!
- HA HA HA HA HA HA!
- UH-OH! WHAT TARGET
HAS MASK SCARA
CHOSEN TO SMEAR THIS TIME?
THE TOWNSVILLE FLAG?
- NO!
- YOUR NEIGHBOR'S MAILBOX?
- OR COULD IT BE...
BUTTERCUP?!
- HEE HEE HEE!
- SHUT UP!
- OH, BUTTERCUP, RELAX.
WE'LL JUST WIPE IT OFF.
- WELL, IS IT OFF?
- UH...NOT EXACTLY.
HERE, HOLD ON.
- WELL?
- STILL WORKING ON IT.
- HERE, TRY THIS.
- HOLD ON, BUTTERCUP.
[CLANK CLANK CLANK CLANK]
- UM, BLOSSOM,
I MEANT USE THE WATER.
TRY NOW!
- HOW ABOUT NOW?
- IT'S, UM...STILL THERE.
- AAAHHH!
- BLOSSOM, HOW ABOUT
USING YOUR ICE BREATH?
- WELL?
- UHHHH!
- I KNOW!
I'LL USE MY ULTRASONIC
BUBBLESOUND!
[HIGH-PITCHED SCREAMING]
- HUH HUH HUH HUH!
[SCREAMING CONTINUES]
[SCREAMING STOPS]
- WELL?
- I'M SORRY, BUTTERCUP,
BUT I THINK MASK SCARA'S MAKEUP
IS LONG-LASTING.
- GIRLS, I'M AFRAID THIS
IS A JOB FOR A SCIENTIST.
YOU GIRLS TRY AND CATCH
MASK SCARA,
AND I'LL HEAD HOME
AND WORK ON AN ANTIDOTE.
AND MAYOR, YOU GO...
DO SOMETHING WITH YOURSELF.
- YAY! OK.
[CAR STARTS]
- LET'S GO, BEFORE
MASK SCARA STRIKES...
AGAIN?!
- OH, NO! IT LOOKS
LIKE MASK SCARA
IS PUTTING HER SMEAR CAMPAIGN
ON THE WHOLE POPULATION!
YES, IT LOOKS LIKE MASK SCARA
IS PAINTING THE WHOLE TOWN
INDEED...
MAKING NO DISCRIMINATION BETWEEN
THE GOOD GUYS...
- GEE...I KIND OF LIKE IT.
- AND THE BAD GUYS!
[SCREECHING]
- OH, NO! IT LOOKS LIKE SHE'S
PAINTED JUST ABOUT EVERYBODY!
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
- ♪ ...A PITY, I FEEL PRETTY ♪
♪ OH, SO PRETTY ♪
♪ PRETTY, HA HA! ♪
[MASK SCARA LAUGHS]
- IS THERE NO HOPE
FOR TOWNSVILLE?
CAN ANYONE STOP THIS
FACELESS DEFACING?
WE'LL FIND OUT
AFTER THESE MESSAGES!
- THE CITY OF...
OOPSY! WRONG SCENE. AHEM.
AS I WAS SAYING,
WHO WILL SAVE TOWNSVILLE?
OH! THE PROFESSOR! I GET IT.
- PROFESSOR, WE STILL HAVEN'T
CAUGHT MASK SCARA!
- AND NOW THE WHOLE CITY'S
LITERALLY COVERED
IN THE TRASHY LOOK!
- HAVE YOU MADE ANY PROGRESS?
- GIRLS, CHECK THIS OUT.
I'VE INVENTED A DNA PASTE,
VECTOR-SENSITIVE,
TARGET-SEEKING COMPUTER VIRUS
WHICH, IF REMOTELY UPLOADED TO
THE TARGET INDIVIDUAL'S
COMMUNICATIONS PERIPHERALS,
WILL DIRECTLY ENTER
THEIR SENSORY SYSTEM,
CAUSING THE INDIVIDUAL TO
CLUCK UNCONTROLLABLY,
LIKE A CHICKEN;
DEVELOP INCURABLE RASHES--WITH
OR WITHOUT EXCESS BODY HAIR;
HIDEOUS SCREAMING FOLLOWS,
AND FINALLY--HA HA!--
TOTAL MELTDOWN!
- UM...THAT'S COOLEE!
BUT WILL IT HELP US
CATCH MASK SCARA?
- WELL, NO.
- PROFESSOR, WE'RE
RUNNING OUT OF TIME.
- YES, GIRLS. I KNOW.
- AAH!
- I JUST NEED MORE TIME.
- OK. BUT HURRY, PROFESSOR!
- MEANWHILE, THE GIRLS
SCOUR THE CITY,
LOOKING FOR ANY CLUE THAT WILL
LEAD THEM TO MASK SCARA.
- WE'VE SCOURED THE WHOLE CITY,
AND STILL NO CLUE
THAT WILL LEAD US TO MASK SCARA!
- THERE'S GOTTA BE SOME WAY!
- SHH! I HEAR SOMETHING!
[MASK SCARA LAUGHING
IN DISTANCE]
- YOU HEAR THAT, BUBBLES?
BUBBLES?
- HEAR WHAT?
- YEAH! ABOUT TIME!
- UH...BUBBLES, YOU
BETTER TAKE A LOOK.
- YOU KNOW...
I KIND OF LIKE IT!
GEE, BLOSSOM, HOW COME MASK
SCARA HASN'T GOTTEN YOU YET?
- BECAUSE SHE ISN'T GOING TO!
THAT'S WHY.
IN FACT, I FIGURED OUT
A WAY WE CAN CATCH HER.
- HOW?
- BY INTERCEPTING HER
AT WHAT WILL CLEARLY BE
HER NEXT TARGET.
- THE UNVEILING OF THE NEW MURAL
OF THE MAYOR OF TOWNSVILLE!
AND HERE TO OPEN
THE CEREMONIES TONIGHT
IS NONE OTHER THAN THE MAYOR
OF TOWNSVILLE HIMSELF!
UH...MR. MAYOR?
OH, MR. MAYOR?
[SNORING]
[MUTTERING]
- NO! I DIDN'T TAKE IT!
IT WAS MISS BELLUM!
- MAYOR! IT'S TIME FOR YOU
TO MAKE YOUR SPEECH.
- UH...OH, OK.
UH, WHAT SPEECH?
- THE SPEECH YOU WILL MAKE!
- OH!
- NO, NOT "OH"--YOU.
- WHY?
- NO, YOU!
- YOU?
- NO, NOT ME;
YOU, THE MAYOR!
- ME?
- YES, THAT'S WHAT I SAID!
- NOW, WAIT A MINUTE.
WHO'S "I"?
- I IS YOU!
- STOP IT!
- GEE, ARE YOU OK?
- I DON'T KNOW ANYMORE!
- OH, FORGET IT.
AND PROVIDING SECURITY TONIGHT
AGAINST ANY UNEXPECTED EVENTS
ARE NONE OTHER THAN
THE POWERPUFF GIRLS!
SO WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE UNVEIL THAT MURAL, HUH?
[CHEERING]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
[ALL GASPING]
- AAH! MASK SCARA'S ALREADY
STRUCK THE MURAL!
- HUH! THE LIKENESS IS UNCANNY!
- THAT DOES IT!
WHY DON'T YOU COME OUT
AND FACE US FACE-TO-FACE?
WE'LL SEE IF YOUR BRUSHES
CAN MATCH OUR PUNCHES!
- LOOK!
- IT'S...IT'S...
MASK SCARA!
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
- HA HA HA HA HA!
WHAT'S THE MATTER, GIRLS?
DON'T YOU APPRECIATE
MY LITTLE...MAKEOVER?
- JUST TELL US WHY YOU DID IT,
MASK SCARA! WHY?
- WHY?
- OH, NO! NOT AGAIN!
- I'LL TELL YOU WHY.
BECAUSE I WANTED THE EXTRA...
COVERAGE.
GET IT? COVERAGE?
HA HA HA HA HA!
- UM...BLOSSOM?
SHE'S NUTS!
- HA HA HA HA HA!
OH, SURELY THAT WAS
A GOOD ONE. HA HA HA!
- ENOUGH OF YOUR BAD JOKES,
MASK SCARA!
IT'S TIME TO TAKE A POWDER!
- OH, YOU WANT TO PLAY BALL, EH?
GOOD, 'CAUSE MASK SCARA'S
UP AT BAT,
AND SHE SOCKS IT CLEAR TO
LOUISIANA, AND IT'S A TRIPLE!
NO--A DOUBLE. DRAT!
[COUGHING]
- THAT'S WHAT I CALL
BATTIN' ROUGE!
HA HA HA HA HA!
HA HA HA...HUH?
- THIS CALLS FOR....
THE MASK SCARA MEGA LASH CURLER!
- OW! OW! OW! OW!
- BACKLASH!
- HUH HUH HUH HUH!
- UH-OH!
- SUPER ELASTIC BASE CREME!
BASE HIT!
[GRUNTING]
- BRACE YOURSELVES, GIRLS!
- OH, YEAH?
HAVE A TASTE OF MY LIQUIDESCENT
LIP LINER!
- AAH!
[CRASH]
- NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL
THE KISS OF DEATH!
HA HA HA HA HA!
- IS THIS IT?
ARE THE POWERPUFFS NO MATCH FOR
MASK SCARA'S POWDER PUFF?
- GIRLS!
GIRLS!
- PROFESSOR?
- HEH HEH. I'LL EXPLAIN LATER.
GIRLS, I'VE DONE IT. I'VE
FINALLY CREATED AN ANTIDOTE!
CALLIBRATING OCCILATING LIFTING
DERMALOGICAL CREAM!
- WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
- OH, JUST ANOTHER FANCY NAME
FOR COLD CREAM.
- COLD CREAM?
- GIVE ME THAT!
I'M GETTING THIS
JUNK OFF OF MY FACE
ONCE AND FOR--
- NO, ME FIRST!
- NUH-UH! I GOT DIBS!
- NUH-UH!
GOTCHA!
- NOOO!
AAHHH!
- HEY! YOUR MAKEUP'S ALL GONE!
[CHEERING]
- YES! AND WITH MASK SCARA'S
MALEVOLENT MASQUERADE OVER WITH,
TOWNSVILLE IS ONCE AGAIN
RESTORED TO ITS FORMER SPLENDOR!
EXCEPT FOR BLOSSOM, OF COURSE,
WHO NEVER LOST IT TO BEGIN WITH.
- YEAH, BLOSSOM. HOW COME
MASK SCARA NEVER GOT YOU?
- WELL, LET ME
BREAK IT DOWN FOR YOU.
AS THE LEADER OF
THE POWERPUFF GIRLS,
I'M ALWAYS ONE STEP AHEAD,
USING MY KEEN HEAD
AND CLEAR MIND,
IMPLEMENTING MY BRAINS
AND NATURAL BEAUTY.
NOW, IF YOU DON'T MIND,
I MUST BE ON MY--
WHOA!
WHOA-OHH-AHH!
[COUGHING]
WELL, AS I WAS SAYING,
I MUST BE ON MY WAY.
I'VE GOT IMPORTANT THINGS--
- HEE HEE HEE!
- WHAT? WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
[LAUGHING]
- AND SO, ONCE AGAIN--HA HA HA!
WHOOPS! HA HA HA HA!
HA HA HA HA HA HA!
THANKS TO THE POWERPUFF GIRLS!
HA HA HA HA HA!
♪ BLOSSOM, COMMANDER
AND THE LEADER ♪
♪ BUBBLES, SHE IS THE JOY
AND THE LAUGHTER ♪
♪ BUTTERCUP, WELL,
SHE'S THE TOUGHEST FIGHTER ♪
♪ POWERPUFFS SAVE THE DAY ♪
♪ FIGHTING CRIME,
TRYING TO SAVE THE WORLD ♪
♪ HERE THEY COME JUST IN TIME ♪
♪ THE POWERPUFF GIRLS ♪
♪ FIGHTING CRIME,
TRYING TO SAVE THE WORLD ♪
♪ HERE THEY COME JUST IN TIME ♪
♪ THE POWERPUFF GIRLS ♪
POWERPUFF!
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
TURNER ENTERTAINMENT GROUP
CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--